README.md, before:

- 👋 Hi, I’m @sasa-yovanovicc
- 👀 I'm interested in Machine Learning, AI, Algorithms, and how to apply technology to make the world better
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Business Analytics and Machine Learning
- 💞️ I’m looking to collaborate on ... just drop me a line, a few words about your idea or project
- 📫 How to reach me: the best way is email: sasa@adbuka.onmicrosoft.com

```
When I started programming, the Internet appeared. 
I asked a friend "how to install Yahoo" :)
It's not a problem if you don't know something, 
each of us once didn't know something, even today. 
The problem is if you don't want to learn.
```

```
When I had my first programming exam at the university, 
I asked professor Litovski to check my work, 
so that I would know if I should study for the oral exam. 
He quickly looked at my solution and said "you failed". 
I asked him to take another look, because I'm sure I didn't.
Two days later, I got a score of 10, the highest possible.
I didn't solve the task the way he taught us. 
I found another, better way.
That is me. 
Whoever likes the way I think, ok, whoever not likes, ok too.
```

<!---
sasa-yovanovicc/sasa-yovanovicc is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->

Commit message:

Revise README.md with new personal and project details

README.md, after:

👋 Hi, I’m Sasa Jovanovic (@sasa-yovanovicc)
👀 I bring together two worlds – business and technology. With a dual background in software engineering and business management, I explore AI, ML, and Algorithms as tools to make the world not only smarter, but also more efficient and valuable.
🌱 AI Solutions Architect | LLMs · RAG · Cloud AI · Computer Vision · Robotics | built on 30+ years in enterprise software.
💡 30+ years in software, from startups to enterprise – now focused on AI-driven Digital Transformation
🚀 Recent projects:
AI Music Tutor (real-time performance analysis for students)
Fleet GPS Data Cleaning (detecting anomalies, reconstructing true routes)
Gym’n’Gym (patent-pending fitness equipment with AI & robotics as core features)
💞️ I’m open to collaborate – just drop me a line about your idea or project
📫 Best way to reach me: sasa@adbuka.onmicrosoft.com

📖 A couple of stories
```
When I started programming, the Internet appeared. 
I asked a friend "how to install Yahoo" :)
It's not a problem if you don't know something, 
each of us once didn't know something, even today. 
The problem is if you don't want to learn.
```

```
When I had my first programming exam at the university, 
I asked professor Litovski to check my work, 
so that I would know if I should study for the oral exam. 
He quickly looked at my solution and said "you failed". 
I asked him to take another look, because I'm sure I didn't.
Two days later, I got a score of 10, the highest possible.
I didn't solve the task the way he taught us. 
I found another, better way.
That is me. 
Whoever likes the way I think, ok, whoever not likes, ok too.
```
✨ I’m a lifelong learner: from “installing Yahoo” to building AI-powered systems, always finding a better way.
<!---
sasa-yovanovicc/sasa-yovanovicc is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
